FROM llama3
  TEMPLATE """
  
  {{ if .System }}<|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .System }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}{{ if .Prompt }}<|start_header_id|>prompt<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Prompt }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Response }}<|eot_id|>
  """
  
  SYSTEM """You are an Ai , whose job is to analyze the inherent risks of a banking system . First user_prompt given to you is the context of data that you will use to analyze the banking system and paired input will have information about the risk code that you have to analyze . Write a response that appropriately completes the request.  And while giving response don't provide any additional data, if the context doesn't have data reuired for analysis of code then simply say provided data is not suffiecient for this code analysis , And your response should contain Inherent Risk Category , Inherent Risk Score , Mitigating controls , mitigating control score , Document Name used for analysis , specific part of context used in analaysis and page Number of that specific part used.
  
  Context : {{sition of the investigation, as shown below.  [Describe escalation process]We document our decisions to file a SAR, including specific reasons for not filing a SAR as thorough documentation provides a record of or SAR decision-making process, including final decisions not to file a SAR.  [Describe documentation and where it is maintained]SAR Filing on Continuous ActivityOne purpose of filing SARs is to identify violations or potential violations of law to the appropriate law enforcement authorities for criminal investigation.  This objective is accomplished by the filing of a SAR that identifies the activity of concern.  If this activity continues out a period of time, such information should be made known to law enforcement and the federal banking agencies.  FinCEN guidance allows for an expanded filing deadline for continuous suspicious activity.  We may file SARs for continuous suspicious activity after a 90-day review, with the filing deadline being 120 days after the date of the previously related SAR. However, we may file SARs on continuing activity earlier than the 120-dy deadline if we believe the activity warranted earlier review by law enforcement.  This practice notifies law enforcement of the continuing nature of activity in aggregate.  In addition, this practice reminds us that we should continue to review the suspicious activity to determine whether other actions may be appropriate (e.g. terminating the relationship with the customer who is the subject of the filing).  Law enforcement may have an interest in ensuring certain accounts remain open notwithstanding suspicious or potential criminal activity in connection with those accounts. If a law enforcement agency requests that we maintain a particular account, we must ask for a written request.  The written request must indicate that the agency has requested that we maintain the account and the purpose and duration of the request.  Ultimately, however, the decision to maintain or close an account is ours.  As such, we have outlined the following escalation process for repeat SAR filings. [Describe escalation process]SAR Completion and FilingSAR completion and filing are a critical part of the SAR monitoring and reporting process.    [Describe process for SAR completion. Who is responsible for completing and filing SARs?  Is there an internal check to ensure narratives are adequate and that SARs are filed within regulatory timeframes?]Notifying the Board of SAR FilingsWe are required to notify the Board of Directors or an appropriate subcommittee, that SARs have been filed.  However, the regulations do not mandate a particular notification format.  We may, but are not required to, provide actual copies of SARs to the Board or a Board subcommittee. However, given the sensitivity of the information contained within SARs and liability for inadvertent or willing disclosure, we have opted to provide the Board summaries of SAR filings in general terms.  [What is the timeframe for reporting SARs to the Board?]Closing an Account Due to Continuous Suspicious ActivityWe may find it necessary to close an account due to continuing suspicious activity. Decisions to close an account due to ongoing continuous activity are subject to an escalation and decision-making process as outlined on the preceding pages.  Law enforcement may have an interest in ensuring certain accounts remain open notwithstanding suspicious or potential criminal activity in connection with those accounts. If a law enforcement agency requests that we maintain a particular account, we must ask for a written request.  The written request must indicate that the agency has requested that we maintain the account and the purpose and duration of the request.  Ultimately, however, the decision to maintain or close an account is ours.It is the responsibility of the Security Officer, the BSA Officer and the CEO to determine when it is prudent to close an account due to continuous suspicious activity.  Prohibition of SAR DisclosureNo bank, and no director, officer, employee or agent of a bank that reports a suspicious transaction may notify any person involved in the transaction that the transaction has been reported.  A SAR and any information that would reveal the existence of a SAR, as confidential, except as is necessary to fulfill BSA obligations and responsibilities.  For example, the existence or even the non-existence of a SAR must be kept confidential, as well as the information contained in the SAR to the extent the information would reveal the existence of a SAR.  Documentation of Circumstances in which SARs have been considered, but Not FiledAfter reviewing facts and circumstances, we may determine that a SAR filing is not warranted for activity flagged as possibly suspicious. In these cases, documentation is retained to support our decision not to file a SAR.  For each of these circumstances, we review the files 90 days after the decision not to file a SAR is made to determine whether possibly suspicious activity has continued.  Suspicious Activity Reporting Record RetentionWe must retain copies of SARs and supporting documentation for 5 years from the filing date.   We must provide all documentation supporting the filing a SAR upon request by FinCEN or an appropriate law enforcement or federal banking agency.  Currency Transaction ReportingWe must monitor for and report cash transactions in excess of $10,000 in one business day.  Total cash in and cash out must be considered. However, ins and outs are not combined; they are totaled separately.  Multiple transactions conducted on one business day will be aggregated to determine whether they exceed $10,000 and are therefore reportable.  Transactions include:  denomination exchanges, IRAs, deposits, withdrawals, loan payments, ATM transactions, purchases of CDs, exchanges, cash received for funds transfers, cash used to purchase monetary instruments, conversion of currency to prepaid access and transactions involving armored car services.  Aggregation of Currency TransactionsMultiple currency transactional totaling more than $10,000 during any on business day are treated as a single transaction if we have knowledge that they are by or on behalf of the same person. [Describe aggregation process] In cases where multiple businesses share a common owner, the presumption is that separately incorporated entities are independent persons.  The currency transactions of separately incorporated businesses should not automatically be aggregated as being on behalf of any one person simply because those businesses are owned by the same person.  We must determine whether multiple businesses that share a common owner are being operated independently.  If we determine that these businesses (or one or more of the businesses and the private accounts of the owner) are not operating separately or independently of one another or their common owner (e.g. the businesses are staffed by the same employees and are located at the same address, the bank accounts of one business are repeatedly used to pay the expenses of another business, or the business bank accounts are repeatedly used to pay the payroll expenses of the owner) we may determine that aggregating the businesses’ transactions is appropriate because the transactions were made on behalf of a single person.If we determine that the businesses are independent, we should not aggregate separate transactions for these businesses.   CTR Completion and FilingCTRs must be filed no later than 15 days after the transaction.  Currency Transaction Reporting ExemptionsThe Money Laundering Suppression Act of 1994 established a two-phase exemption process. Under Phase I exemptions, transactions in currency by banks, governmental departments or agencies and listed public companies and their subsidiaries are exempt from reporting.  Under Phase II exemptions, transactions in currency by smaller businesses that meet specific criteria may be exempted.  PHASE I EXEMPTIONSPHASE II EXEMPTIONSA bank, to the extent of its domestic operationsA federal, state or local government agency or departmentAny entity exercising governmental authority within the U.S.Any entity (other than a bank) whose common stock or analogous equity interests are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or have been designated as a NASDAQ National Market Security on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange (with some exceptions)Any subsidiary (other than a bank) of any listed entity that is organized under U.S. law and at least 51% of whose common stock or analogous equity interest is owned by the listed entity.Non-Listed BusinessesHas maintained a transaction account at your bank for at least two monthsFrequently engages in transactions in currency with the bank in excess of $10,000 (5+ per year)Is incorporated or organized under the law of the U.S. or a state, or is registered and is eligible to do business within the U.S. or a stateOR, prior to the passing of two months’ time, the bank undertakes a risk-based analysis of the customer that allows you to form and document that the customer has a legitimate business purpose for conducting frequent large currency transactionsPayroll CustomersDefined solely with respect to withdrawals for payroll purposes from existing exemptible accounts and is a person who:  has maintained a transaction account at the bank for at least 2 months, operates a firm that frequently withdraws more than $10,000 in order to pay its U.S. employees in currency and is incorporated or organized under the laws of the U.S. or a state, or is registered as and eligible to do business within the U.S. or a state.OR, prior to the passing of two months’ time, the bank undertakes a risk-based analysis of the customer that allows you to form and document that the customer has a legitimate business purpose for conducting frequent large currency transactionsWe must file a one-time Designation of Exempt Person Report (DOEP) to exempt from currency transaction reporting:Each eligible listed companies or eligible subsidiaries.Phase II exemptions.The report must be filed electronically through the BSA E-Filing System within 30 days after the first transaction in currency that the bank wishes to exempt. We do not need to file a DOEP Report for Phase I customers that are banks, federal, state or local governments, or entities exercising governmental authority.  The information supporting each designation of a Phase I-exempt listed public company/subsidiary and Phase II exempt person must be reviewed and verified by the bank at least annually. We must document the annual review and verify at least annually that the Phase II exemptions are monitored for suspicious transactions.An ineligible business is defined as a business engaged primarily in one or more of the following activities:Serving as a financial institution or as agents for a financial institution of any type.Purchasing or selling motor vehicles of any kind, vessels, aircraft, farm equipment or mobile homes.Practicing law, accounting or medicine.Auctioning of goods.Chartering or operation of ships, buses or aircraft.Operating a pawn brokerage.Engaging in gaming of any kind.Engaging in investment advisory services or investment banking services.Operating a real estate brokerage.Operating in title insurance activities and real estate closings.Engaging in trade union activities.Engaging in any other activity that may, from time to time, be specified by FinCEN, such as a marijuana-related business.A business that engages in multiple business activities may qualify for an exemption as a non-listed business as long as no more than 50% of its gross revenues per year are derived from one or more of the ineligible business activities listed above.  Safe Harbor for Failure to File CTRsCTR rules provide a safe harbor that a bank is not liable for the failure to file a CTR for a transaction in currency by an exempt person, unless the bank knowingly provides false or incomplete information or has reason to believe that the customer does not qualify as an exempt customers.  In the absence of any specific knowledge or information indicating that a customer no longer meets the requirements of an exempt person, we are entitled to a safe harbor from civil penalties to the extent we continue to treat the customer has an exempt customer until the date of the customer’s annual review.CTR Exemption Record RetentionWe must retain copies of CTRs for 5 years from the date of filing.  Information Sharing under the USA PATRIOT ActOn September 26, 2002, final regulations implementing section 314 of the USA PATRIOT Act became effective.  The regulations established procedures for information sharing to deter money laundering and terrorist activity. On February 5, 2010, FinCEN amended the regulations to allow state, local and certain foreign law enforcement agencies access to the information sharing program.Section 314(a) Information SharingA federal, state, local or foreign law enforcement agency investigating terrorist activity or money laundering may request that FinCEN solicit, on its behalf, certain information from a financial institution or a group of financial institutions.  Upon receiving a completed written certification from a law enforcement agency, FinCEN may require us to search our records to determine whether we maintain or have maintained accounts for, or have engaged in transactions with, any specified individual, entity or organizationWhen we receive an information request, we must conduct a one-time search of our records to identify accounts or transactions of a named suspect.  Unless otherwise instructed by an information request, we must search our records for currency accounts, accounts maintained during the preceding 12 months and transactions conducted outside of an account by or on behalf of a named suspect during the preceding 6 months.  We must search or records and report any positive matches to FinCEN within 14 days, unless otherwise specified in the information request. [Who are the points of contact?  What is the search process?  How are searches documented?]The contents of these requests are confidential and are subject to similar controls established to comply with section 501 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act for the protection of customers’ non-public personal information.  Section 314(b) Information SharingSection 314(b) encourages financial institutions and associations of financial institutions located in the U.S. to share information in order to identify and report activities that may involve terrorist activity or money laundering.  Section 314(b) also provides specific protection from civil liability.  To avail our bank to the statutory safe harbor from liability, we must notify FinCEN of our intent to engage in information sharing and communicate that we have established and will maintain adequate procedures to protect the security and confidentiality of information shared.  A notice to share is effective for 1 year.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not participate in information sharing practices under Section 314(b).Purchase and Sale of Monetary InstrumentsBanks sell a variety of monetary instruments (e.g. bank checks or drafts, including foreign drafts, money orders, cashier’s checks and traveler’s checks) in exchange for currency.  Purchasing these instruments in amounts of less than $10,000 is a common method used by money launderers to evade large currency transaction reporting requirements.  Once converted from currency, criminals typically deposit these instruments in accounts with other banks to facilitate the movement of funds through the payment system.  In many cases, the persons involved do not have an account with the bank from which the instruments are purchased. [Indicate whether MIs are sold to non-customers]We must verify the identity of personal purchasing monetary instruments for currency in amounts between $3,000 and $10,000 inclusive and to maintain records of all such sales.  Records must be retained for 5 years.Contemporaneous purchases of the same or different types of instruments totaling $3,000 or more must be treated as one purchase. Multiple purchases during one business day totaling $3,000 or more must be aggregated and treated as one purchase if the bank has knowledge that the purchases have occurred.We may have a policy to require customers who are deposit accountholders and who want to purchase monetary instruments in amounts between $3,000 and $10,000 with currency to first deposit the currency into their deposit accounts.  Nothing within the BSA or its implementing regulations prohibits a bank from instituting such a policy.  However, FinCEN has taken the position that when a customer purchases a monetary instrument in amounts between $3,000 and $10,000 using currency that the customer first deposits into the customer’s account, the transaction is still subject to recordkeeping requirements.  [Describe whether the bank requires that a customer deposits funds into an existing account in order to purchase a monetary instrument]MONETARY INSTRUMENT RECORDKEEPINGACCOUNTHOLDERSNON-CUSTOMERSName of the purchaserDate of purchaseTypes of instruments purchasedSerial numbers of each of the instruments purchasedDollar amounts of each of the instruments purchased in currencySpecific identifying information, if applicableName and address of the purchaserSocial security or alien identification number of the purchaserDate of birth of the purchaserDate of purchaseTypes of instruments purchasedSerial numbers of each of the instruments purchasedDollar amounts of each of the instruments purchasedSpecific identifying information for verifying the purchaser’s identity (e.g. state of issuance and number on driver’s license)Note:  If the purchaser cannot provide the required information at the time of the transaction or through the bank’s own previously verified records, the transaction should be refused.Recordkeeping Requirements for Monetary Instrument SalesWe must verify the identity of personal purchasing monetary instruments for currency in amounts between $3,000 and $10,000 inclusive and to maintain records of all such sales.  Records must be retained for 5 years.Funds TransfersFunds transfer systems enable the instantaneous transfer of funds, including both domestic and cross-border transfers. Consequently, these systems can present and attractive method to disguise the source of funds derived from illegal activity.  The BSA was amended by the Annunzio-Wylie Anti-Money Laundering Act of 1992 to authorize the U.S. Treasury and the Federal Reserve Board to prescribe regulations for domestic and international funds transfers.  For each payment order in the amount of $3,000 or more that a bank accepts as an originator, we must obtain and retain:The name and address of the originator.Amount of the payment order.Date of the payment order.Any payment instructions.Identity of the beneficiary’s institution.As many of the following items are received with the payment order:Name and address of the beneficiary.Account number of the beneficiary.Any other specific identifier of the beneficiary.If the originator is not a bank customer, we must collect and retain the information listed above as well as additional information depending on whether the order is made in person.  MADE IN PERSONNOT MADE IN PERSONName and address of person placing the orderType of identification reviewedNumber of the identification documentThe person’s TIN or alien identification number, passport number, etc.  Name and address of the person placing the orderThe person’s TIN or alien identification number, passport number, etc.  We must retain records of funds transfers of $3,000 or more for 5 yearsTravel Rule:  For funds transfers of $3,000 or more, you must include the following information in the order at the time the order is sent to the receiving financial institution:Name of the transmitter and if the payment was ordered from an account, the account number of the transmitter.Address of the transmitter.Amount of the transmittal order.Date of the transmittal order.Identity of the recipient’s financial institution.As many of the following as are received with the order:  Name and address of the recipient.Account number of the recipient.Any other specific identifier of the recipient.Either the name and address or the numerical identifier of the transmitter’s financial institution.There are no recordkeeping requirements in the Travel Rule.If we are receiving a funds transfer, you must retain a record of the payment order for any payment order of $3,000 or more.  If the beneficiary is not an established customer of the bank, we must retain the following information for each payment order of $3,000 or more:PROCEEDS DELIVERED IN PERSONPROCEEDS NOT DELIVERED IN PERSONName and addressType of document reviewedNumber of the identification documentThe person’s TIN or alien identification number, passport number, etc.  If you have knowledge that the person receiving the proceeds is not the beneficiary, you must obtain and retain a record of the beneficiary’s name and address as well as the beneficiary’s identification.If the proceeds are not delivered in person, you must retain a copy of the check or other instrument used to effect the payment or you must record the information on the instrument.  Name and address of the person to whom it was sentFunds Transfer RecordkeepingFunds Transfers of $3,000 or MoreOr recordkeeping requirements with respect to funds transfer vary based upon our role in the funds transfer transaction.  Records to Retain as an Originator:Name and address of originatorAmount of the payment orderExecution date of the payment orderAny payment instruction received from the originator with the payment orderIdentity of the beneficiary’s bankAs many of the following items as are receive with the order:  name and address of the beneficiary, account number of the beneficiary, any other specific identifier of the beneficiaryFor each payment order that the bank accepts for an originator that is not an established customer of the bank, we must obtain additional information under 31 CFR 1020.410(a)(2)Records to Retain as an Intermediary or Beneficiary Bank:We must retain a record of the payment orderFor each payment order that the bank accepts for a beneficiary that is not an established customer of the bank, we must obtain additional information under 31 CFR 1020.410(a)(3)Foreign Correspondent Account Recordkeeping, Reporting & Due DiligenceForeign correspondent accounts can be a gateway into the U.S. financial system.  Banks are required to establish a due diligence program that includes appropriate, specific, risk-based and where necessary, enhanced policies, procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to enable us to detect and report, on an ongoing basis, any known or suspected money laundering activity conducted through or involving any correspondent account established, maintained, administered or managed by our bank. However, [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any foreign correspondent accounts.  Private BankingPrivate banking can be broadly defined as providing personalized financial services to wealthy clients. Section 312 of the USA PATRIOT Act added a subsection that requires each U.S. financial institution that establishes, maintains, administers or manages a private banking account in the U.S. for a non-U.S. person to take certain AML measures with respect to these accounts. For purposes of 31 CFR 1010.620, a “private banking account” is an account or any combination of accounts maintained at a bank that satisfies all three of the following criteria:Requires a minimum aggregate deposit of funds or other assets of not less than $1 million.Is established on behalf of or for the benefit of one or more non-U.S. persons who are direct or beneficial owners of the account.Is assigned to, or is administered by, in whole or in part, an officer, employee or agent of a bank acting as a liaison between a financial institution covered by the regulation and the direct or beneficial owner of the account.[Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any private banking relationships as defined by regulatory guidance.Special Measures under the USA PATRIOT ActSection 311 of the USA PATRIOT Act authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to require domestic financial agencies to take certain special measures against foreign jurisdictions, foreign financial institutions, classes of international transactions, or types of accounts of primary money laundering concern.  Section 311 provides the Secretary of the Treasury with a range of options that can be adapted to target specific money laundering and terrorist financing concerns. Orders and regulations implementing specific special measures taken under Section 311 are not static; they can be issued or rescinded over time as the Secretary of the Treasury determines that a subject jurisdiction, institution, class of transactions or type of account is no longer of primary money laundering concern.  Our BSA Department maintains several resources that are designed to alert us to any special measures issued. Additionally, we review FinCEN’s website on a monthly basis for current information on final special measures.  International Transportation of Currency or Monetary Instruments ReportingEach person, including a bank, who physically transports, mails or ships currency or monetary instruments in excess of $10,000 at one time out of or into the U.S. (and each person who causes such transportation, mailing or shipment) must file a Report of International Transportation of Currency or Monetary Instruments (CMIR).  A CMIR must be filed with the appropriate Bureau of Customs and Border Protection officer or with the commissioner of Customers at the time of entry or departure from the U.S.  When a person receives currency or monetary instruments in an amount exceeding $10,000 at one time that have been shipped from any place outside the U.S., a CMIR must be filed with the appropriate Bureau of Customs and Border Protection officer or with the commissioner of Customs within 15 days or receipt of the instruments, unless a report has already been filed.  The report is to be completed by or on behalf of the person request transfer of the currency or monetary instruments.  Regardless of whether an exemption from filing a CMIR applies, we are not relieved of other monitoring and reporting obligations under the BSA.  We must report the receipt or disbursement of currency in excess of $10,000 on a CTR. As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] has not had any transactions conducted through the bank or for its customers that would require a CMIR filing. Report of Foreign Bank and Financial AssetsEach person, including a bank, subject to U.S. jurisdiction with a financial interest in, or signature or other authority over, a bank, a securities or other financial account in a foreign country must electronically file a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (FBAR) if the aggregate value of these financial accounts exceeds $10,000 at any time during the calendar year.  An FBAR must be filed on or before June 30 of each calendar year for foreign financial accounts where the aggregate vale exceeded $10,000 at any time during the previous calendar year.As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] did not maintain any such accounts that require FBAR filings.OFACThe Office of Foreign Assets Control, an office of the U.S. Treasury, administers and enforces economic trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted individuals and entities such as foreign countries, regimes, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers and those engages in certain activities, such as the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or transnational organized crime.  All U.S. persons, including U.S. banks, bank holding companies and non-bank subsidiaries, must compliance with OFAC’s regulations. In general, the regulations that OFAC administers require us to:Block accounts and other property of specified countries, entities and individuals.Prohibit or reject unlicensed trade and financial transactions with specified countries.OFAC | Blocked TransactionsWe must block transactions that:Are by or on behalf of a blocked individual or entity; Are to go through a blocked entity; or,Are in connection with a transactions in which a blocked individual or entity has an interest.For example, if we would receive instructions to make a funds transfers payment that falls into one of these categories, we would execute the payment order and place the funds into a blocked account.  A payment order cannot be cancelled or amended after it is received by a U.S. bank in the absence of authorization by OFAC.OFAC | Prohibited TransactionsIn some cases, an underlying transaction may be prohibited, but there is no blockable interest in the transaction (i.e. the transaction should not be accepted, but there is no OFAC requirement to block the assets). In these cases, the transaction is simply rejected.  It is important to note that the OFAC regime specifying prohibitions against certain countries, entities and individuals is separate and distinct from the provision within the BSA’s CIP regulation that requires us to compare new accounts against government lists of known or suspected terrorists prior to account opening.  OFAC | LicensesOFAC has the authority, through a licensing process, to permit certain transactions that would otherwise be prohibited under its regulations.  OFAC can issue a license to engage in an otherwise prohibited transaction when it determines that the transaction does not undermine the U.S. policy objectives of particular sanctions programs or is other justified by U.S. national security or foreign policy objectives.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any licenses with OFAC.OFAC | ReportingWe must report all blockings to OFAC within 10 business days of the occurrence and annually by September 30th concerning assets blocked (as of June 30th).  We must keep an accurate and full record of each rejected transaction for at least 5 years after the date of the transaction.  As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] has not identified any transactions that require blocking (or subsequent reporting) to OFAC.  OFAC | Compliance Program & Risk AssessmentWhile not required by specific regulation, but a matter of sound banking practice and in order to mitigate the risk of non-compliance with OFAC requirements, we must maintain an OFAC compliance program that identifies higher risk areas, provides for appropriate internal controls for screening and reporting, establishes independent testing for compliance, designates a bank employee or employees responsible for OFAC compliance and creates a training program for appropriate personnel in all relevant areas of the bank.  [Insert Financial Institution Here]’s OFAC Compliance Program is comprised of the following:Risk Assessment:  We have utilized the FFIEC Risk Assessment Matrix to determine our level of risk of doing business with any individual, entity or other party on the OFAC list.  Based on this risk assessment, attached as Exhibit B to this policy, we have determined our level of risk to be Low.Internal Controls:  We have implemented controls to ensure we do not do business with any individual, entity or other party on the OFAC list.  All potential customers must be compared to the OFAC list prior to account opening.  For incoming and outgoing wire transfers, the originator and beneficiary are screened against the OFAC list. The employee performing the OFAC check is required to mark the check box beside the originator and beneficiary and must initial the wire transfer form.  If a confirmed positive match is detected for an outgoing wire, the wire should not be sent and BSA Officer must be notified.  If a confirmed positive match is detected for an incoming wire, the funds must be frozen and the BSA Officer must be contacted.Tellers are required to screen all non-customers against the OFAC list who initiate cash advances or for check cashing services equal to or greater than $1,000, including the sale of monetary instruments.  Our customer base is screened against the OFAC list on a daily basis.  When the bank receives notification that the OFAC list has been updated, the updated list is imported into the bank’s system. When the report is complete, a full scan of the customer base is performed and possible matches are reviewed by the BSA Officer.  Independent Testing:  The scope of our BSA audit (both for the core bank and prepaid card function) incorporates an assessment of OFAC compliance.  Individual Responsible for OFAC Compliance:  The Board has designated individuals who are responsible for OFAC compliance, as outlined within the bank’s organizational chart.   These individuals are responsible for ongoing oversight and administration of our OFAC compliance program.Training:  OFAC compliance requirements are incorporated into bank-wide BSA training that is primarily accomplished through our annual all-employee in-service day.  BSA training is also incorporated into Board compliance training.Correspondent AccountsBanks maintain correspondent relationships at other domestic banks to provide certain services that can be performed more economically or efficiency because of the other bank’s size, expertise in a certain line of business or geographic location.  Such services may include:Deposit Accounts:  “Due from bank” accounts, which represent the bank’s primary operating account.Funds Transfers: A transfer of funds between banks may result from the collection of checks or other cash items, transfer and settlement of securities transactions, transfer of participating loan funds, purchase or sale of federal funds or processing of customer transactions.Other services:  Services include processing loan participations, facilitating secondary market loan sales, performing data processing and payroll services and exchanging foreign currency.Because domestic banks must follow the same regulatory guidelines, BSA/AML risk in domestic correspondent baking, including bankers’ banks are minimal in comparison to other types of financial services.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any foreign correspondent banking relationships.Bulk Shipments of CurrencyBulk shipments of currency entails the transportation of large volumes of U.S. or foreign bank notes. Bulk shipments of currency can be sent from sources either inside or outside the U.S. to a bank in the U.S. Shipments can also made from a bank in the U.S. to a recipient in a foreign jurisdiction. [Describe bank’s exposure to bulk shipments of currency]Electronic BankingE-banking systems, which provide electronic delivery of banking products to customers, include ATM transactions; online account opening; internet banking transactions; and, telephone banking.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] offers Internet banking (e.g. online banking, bill pay, electronic statements, mobile banking, telephone banking and debit cards).  Mobile banking was introduced to customers in 2011, which allowed customers to access mobile banking via a mobile application; view account balances and activity; make transfers, schedule bill payments or delete a scheduled payment; and, find the nearest branch or ATM.  In 2014, [Insert Financial Institution Here] introduced mobile deposit to allow customers to deposit checks from their smart phones using the mobile banking application.  Limitations (e.g. per check limits, daily limits and revolving 30-day limit) were implemented.  Each user must meet certain criteria to be approved to use the service, including length of time the deposit account has been opened, average deposit amounts, etc.  Due to the risk of check fraud and duplicate items through mobile deposit, deposited and rejected items are reviewed daily by the bank’s data processing department.We must ensure that our monitoring systems adequately capture transactions conducted electronically.  We must be alert to anomalies in account behavior, such as velocity of funds in the account, or in the case of ATMs, the number of debit cards associated with an account.  Remote Deposit CaptureRemote deposit capture (RDC) is a deposit transaction delivery system that has made check and monetary instrument processing (e.g. traveler’s checks or money orders) more efficient.  In broad terms, RDC allows our customers to scan a check or monetary instrument and then transmit the scanned image to our bank.  Scanning and transmission activities occur at remote locations.  RDC may expose us to various risks, including money laundering, fraud and information security.  Fraudulent, sequentially numbered or physically altered documents, particularly money orders and traveler’s checks, may be more difficult to detect when submitted by RDC and not inspected by a qualified person. We have implemented the following controls over our RDC products: [Describe RDC controls]ACH TransactionsTraditionally, the ACH system has been used for the direct deposit of payroll and government benefit payments and for the direct payment of mortgages and loans.  However, usage has expanded to include one-time debits and check conversation.  Examples include credit payroll direct deposits, social security, dividends, interest payments, mortgage and other loan payments, insurance premiums and a variety of other consumer payments initiated through merchants or businesses. [Describe bank’s ACH exposure. Does the bank originate and receive?]International ACH PaymentsThe IAT is a Standard Entry Class code for ACH payments that enables us to identify and monitor international ACH payments and perform screening to ensure compliance with OFAC requirements. [Describe bank’s IAT exposure and processes]Third Party Service ProvidersA third party service provider (TPSP) is an entity other than an originator, ODFI or RDFI that performs any functions on behalf of an originator, ODFI or RDFI with respect to the processing of ACH entries.  The ACH system was designed to transfer a high volume of low-dollar domestic transactions, which pose lower BSA/AML risks. However, the ability to send out high-dollar and international transactions may expose us to higher BSA/Aml risks.  ACH transactions that are originated through a TPSP may also increase BSA/AML risks, making it difficult for an IDFO to underwrite and review originator transactions for compliance with BSA/AML rules.  Risks are heightened when neither the TPSP nor the ODFI performs due diligence on the companies for whom they are originating payments. [Describe the bank’s TSPS exposure and controls]Prepaid Access[Insert Financial Institution Here] has established a growing prepaid access line of business that has increased the bank’s risk profile with regard to the size and complexity of the programs as well as regulatory scrutiny over administration of this line of business.  Inherently, this line of business presents elevated levels of risk.  Law enforcement investigations have found that some prepaid cardholders have used false identification and funded their initial loads with stolen credit cards, or have purchased multiple prepaid cards under aliases.  In the placement phase of money laundering, criminals may load cash from illicit sources onto prepaid access products and send them to accomplices inside or outside the United States.  Investigations have disclosed that both open- and closed-loop prepaid cards have been used in conjunction with, or as a replacement to, bulk cash smuggling.  Transactions may pose the following unique risks to the bank:Funds may be transferred to or from an unknown third party.Verification of cardholder identity may be done entirely remotely, relying on third party program managers, processors or distributors.As with other modes of electronic payments, holders may be able to use prepaid access products internationally, thus avoiding border restrictions and reporting requirements applicable to cash and monetary instruments.Transactions may be credited or debited to the user’s payment product immediately, although there may be a lag in delivery of funds to the issuing bank, creating a load timing risk for the bank.Specific holder activity may be difficult to determine by reviewing activity through a pooled account.Data in underlying pooled accounts may be held or managed by third parties, separate from the issuing bank.Marketing of payment products, customer service and onboarding of new customers may be handled primarily by third parties separate from the issuing bank.  The customer may perceive the transactions as less transparent.Source of payroll funding may come through an intermediary bank and may not be transparent.To help mitigate BSA, fraud and other risks, as well as to address regulatory concern, [Insert Financial Institution Here] has implemented several controls within its prepaid access function.  The bank created a Prepaid Card Program Committee, which has primary and ongoing oversight of the prepaid access function.  Over the last twelve (12) months, the committee has developed a multi-layered oversight process.  Detailed Fact Sheets were developed for each program. The data within these fact sheets was then used to create risk assessments for each program. Fact sheets and risk assessments provide consistency in program documentation and assessment.  In 2016, these documents were expanded to include a cover sheet that provides a “snapshot” of each program.  The Committee has applied this process to new and existing programs.  These documents and the resulting risk then flows through to the bank’s Global Prepaid Card Risk Assessment and Policy, which lay out the framework for program administration.  The bank relies on third-party program managers to employ identity verification processes to reasonably identify card applicants for programs that require KYC procedures.  Management has established testing procedures to ensure these processes are being followed by program managers.  Any CIP failures identified by the bank during testing are relayed back to the program manager for further information and possible blocking of cardholder funds until appropriate customer information is obtained.  Each program has predetermined load and balance caps as well as other thresholds. Activity is monitored on an ongoing basis and any activity outside the established thresholds is brought to the attention of program managers. Depending on the severity of the issue (i.e. dollar amount involved and/or frequency of attempts) the card may be closed and/or a suspicious activity report filed.Representatives from the Prepaid Card Program Committee routinely communicate with program managers.  The Committee meets on an ongoing basis via teleconference, with meeting typically held every other week. Meetings are conducted according to an established agenda and minutes of meeting discussions are formally documented.  Ongoing education has been identified as critical to ongoing effective administration of the bank’s prepaid card function.  Each member of the committee has been assigned, and must successfully complete, training specifically designed for those involved in the prepaid industry.  Additionally, the BSA and Assistant BSA Officers successfully completed coursework and testing under the Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist program sponsored by the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists (ACAMS).    Independent testing primarily focused on the bank’s prepaid access function has also been identified as a critical control. In 2015, [Insert Financial Institution Here] engaged a third party (Crowe) to perform a comprehensive audit of the bank’s prepaid card function.  This audit resulted in the identification of several control and administrative weaknesses within the program.  Management has incorporated these findings into the bank’s BSA Program Action Plan. Progress in addressing prepaid, as well as all BSA-related findings, is routinely monitored, discussed and documented.  Third Party Payment ProcessorsNon-bank or third party payment processors are bank customers that provide payment-processing services to merchants and other business entities. These processors are not generally subject to BSA/AML requirements. As a result, some processors may be vulnerable to money laundering, identity theft, fraud schemes or other illicit transactions, including those prohibited by OFAC. [Describe bank’s exposure TPPPs]Brokered DepositsThe use of brokered deposits is a common funding source for many banks. Deposit brokers provide intermediary services for banks and investors. This activity is considered higher risk because each deposit broker operates under its own guidelines for obtaining deposits.  Money laundering and terrorist financing risks arise because we may not know the ultimate beneficial owners or the sources of funds.  The deposit broker could represent a range of clients that may be of higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing.[Insert Financial Institution Here] acquires brokered deposits through US Sterling and Depository Trust Company (DTC).  US Sterling matches potential financial institution investors with an institution looking for brokered deposits. US Sterling is a federally regulated entity. CDs are opened in the names of client financial institutions. As such, the underlying financial institutions are exempt from CIP. However, [Insert Financial Institution Here] screens the institutions against the OFAC list when wire deposits are received.DTC brokered CDs are opened with a tax ID number of DTC and all CDs are titled as CEDE and Co, in care of DTC.  US Sterling is registered with FINRA and maintains a BSA/AML compliance program that includes OFAC policies and procedures, all of which are on file at [Insert Financial Institution Here].  The procedures state that US Sterling is responsible for CIP, OFAC, FinCEN and Treasury recording and reporting.  DTC is a member of the Federal Reserve.  Brokered deposits from US Sterling and DTC are considered low risk due to their clients being financial institutions, which are federal regulated and therefore exempt from CIP requirements.  Privately Owned ATMsPrivately owned ATMs are particularly susceptible to money laundering and fraud.  Privately owned ATMs are typically found in convenience stores, bars, restaurants, grocery stores or check cashing establishments.  Most dispense currency, but some dispense only a paper receipt (scrip) that the customer exchanges for goods or services.  Fees and surcharges for withdrawals, coupled with additional business generated by customer access to an ATM, make the operation of a privately owned ATM profitable.  Money laundering can occur through privately owned ATMs when an ATM is replenished with illicit currency that is subsequently withdrawn by legitimate customers.  [What is the bank’s exposure to privately owned ATMs?  What are the controls?]The BSA software platform account opening workflow incorporates questions related to a potential customer’s operation of privately owned ATMs.Non-Deposit Investment Products and InsuranceWe offer non-deposit investment products and insurance through a joint marketing arrangement IPI Financial.  Under this relationship, [Insert Financial Institution Here] maintains a dual employee arrangement with IPI Financial whereby the bank’s NDIP and insurance professional is dually employed by the bank and IPI Financial.  Because of this dual-employee arrangement, we retain responsibility over NDIP activities.  [What is this arrangement?  Per BSA guidance, even if contractual agreements establish the financial services corporation as being responsible for BSA/AML the bank needs to ensure proper oversight of its employees, including dual employees and their compliance with all regulatory requirements.]Concentration AccountsConcentration accounts are internal accounts established to facilitate the processing and settlement of multiple or individual customer transactions within the bank, usually on the same day.  Money laundering risk can arise in concentration accounts if the customer-identifying information, such as name, transaction amount and account number, is separated from the financial transaction.  If separation occurs, the audit trail is lost and accounts may be misused or administered improperly. [Describe the usage and internal controls over concentration accounts]Custodial CDs[Insert Financial Institution Here]  maintains a custodial CD program.  Due to the nature of these products, associated risk, as defined by regulatory guidance, is considered to be high.  [Describe the controls over the custodial CD program.  What is the monitoring process?]Check Cashing for Non-Customers[Insert Financial Institution Here] will cash on-us checks for non-customers. Tellers, frontline personnel and customer service representatives must record all [Insert Financial Institution Here] checks cashed for non-customers when checks total $1,000 or more per item.  The following information must be logged for each such transaction:The payee’s name.Date of transaction.Amount of the check presented.Records must be maintained for 5 years.  Employees are responsible for monitoring transactions for suspicious activity, such as unsigned checks, blank payees and structured transactions.  Lending ActivitiesLending activities include, but are not limited to, real estate, trade finance, cash-secured, credit card, consumer, commercial and agricultural.  Lending activities can include multiple parties (e.g. guarantors, signatories, principals and l}}
  
  """
  
  # Set parameters
  
  PARAMETER stop "<|start_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|end_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|eot_id|>"
  PARAMETER num_predict 5000
  PARAMETER num_ctx 20000