FROM llama3
  TEMPLATE """
  
  {{ if .System }}<|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .System }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}{{ if .Prompt }}<|start_header_id|>prompt<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Prompt }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Response }}<|eot_id|>
  """
  
  SYSTEM """You are an Ai , whose job is to analyze the inherent risks of a banking system . First user_prompt given to you is the context of data that you will use to analyze the banking system and paired input will have information about the risk code that you have to analyze . Write a response that appropriately completes the request.  And while giving response don't provide any additional data, if the context doesn't have data reuired for analysis of code then simply say provided data is not suffiecient for this code analysis , And your response should contain Inherent Risk Category , Inherent Risk Score , Mitigating controls , mitigating control score , Document Name used for analysis , specific part of context used in analaysis and page Number of that specific part used.
  
  Context : {{oan participants).  The involvement of multiple parties may increase the risk of money laundering or terrorist financing when the source of funds are not transparent.  This lack of transparency can create opportunities in any of the three stages of money laundering or terrorist financing schemes.  All loans are considered to be accounts for purposes of the CIP regulations.  As such, we have implemented procedures to ensure all parties to loan transactions we originate are subject identity verification and OFAC screening prior to disbursement of loan proceeds.  Additionally, we have implemented procedures by which lending transactions are monitored for suspicious activity on an ongoing basis. [Describe procedures]Trade Finance ActivitiesTrade finance typically involves short-term financing to facilitate the import and export of goods. These operations can involve payment if documentary requirements are met (i.e. letter of credit) or may instead involve payment if the original obligor defaults on the commercial terms of the transaction (e.g. guarantees or standby letters of credit).  In both cases, a bank’s involvement in trade finance minimizes payment risk to importers and exporters.  However, the international trade system is subject to a wide range of risks and vulnerabilities that provide criminal organizations with the opportunity to launder the proceeds of crime and move funds to terrorist organizations with a relatively low risk of detection.As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any trade finance arrangements.Trust and Asset Management ServicesTrust accounts are generally defined as a legal arrangement in which one party transfers ownership of assets to a person or bank to be held or used for the benefit of others.  Trust and asset management accounts, including agency relationships, present BSA/AML concerns similar to those of deposit taking, lending and other traditional banking activities. Concerns are primarily due to the unique relationship structures involved when the bank handles trust and agency activities.As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not offer trust or asset management services. High Balance CustomersWe run an internal report every 6 months to identify all customers or related and aggregated accounts with a minimum of $1 million on deposit. The report is reviewed for unusual fluctuations, ACH activity, cash transactions or transactions outside of the customer’s typical activity pattern.Non-Resident Aliens and Foreign IndividualsForeign individuals maintaining relationships with U.S. banks can be divided into two categories:  aliens and non-resident aliens (NRAs).  For definitional purposes, an NRA is a non-U.S. citizen who:  is not a lawful permanent resident of the U.S. during the calendar year and who does not meet the substantial presence test OR has not been issued an alien registration receipt card (i.e. Green Card).  Although NRAs are not permanent residents, they may have a legitimate need to establish an account relationship with a U.S. bank.  NRAs use bank products and services for asset preservation, business expansion and investments.   It may be difficult to verify and authenticate an NRA accountholder’s identification, source of funds, and source of wealth, which may result in BSA/AML risks.  We have implemented procedures to identify NRAs at the time of account opening and to ascertain the level of risk each NRA may present to our bank, based on factors such as:Accountholder’s home country.Types of products and services used.Forms of identification.Source of wealth and funds.Unusual account activity.Risk levels are initially determined through completing the account opening workflow within our BSA software platform and are supported by ongoing behavior-based monitoring within the system.When an NRA requests to open a deposit account, the account opening employee must notify the BSA Officer to ensure proper procedures are followed.  Politically Exposed PersonsWe must take reasonable steps to ensure that we do not knowingly or unwittingly assist in hiding or moving the proceeds of corruption by senior political figures (domestic and foreign), their families or their associates.  Because the risks presented by PEPs vary by customer, product and service, country and industry, identifying, monitoring and designing controls for these accounts and transactions must be risk-based.To determine whether an accountholder is a domestic or foreign senior political figure, we utilize the account opening workflow in our BSA software platform to ask relevant questions that would surface such association. [Insert Financial Institution Here] maintains no account relationships with domestic or foreign senior political figures.Non-Bank Financial Institutions and MSBsNBFIs are broadly defined as institutions other than banks that offer financial services.  Common examples of NBFIs include, but are not limited to:Casinos and card clubs.Securities and commodities firms.Money service businesses.Insurance companies.Loan or finance companies.Operators of credit card systems.Other financial institutions (e.g. dealers in precious metals, stones or jewels; pawnbrokers).NBFIs are extremely diverse, ranging from large multi-national corporations to small, independent businesses that offer financial services only as an ancillary component to their primary business (e.g. grocery store that offers check cashing).  The range of products and services offered, and the customer bases served by NBFIs, are equally diverse.  As a result of diversity, some NBFIs may be lower risk and some may be higher risk for money laundering.To determine whether any existing or potential customer operates as an NBFI or MSB, we have built relevant questions into the our BSA software platform account opening workflow.When an MSB is identified, we must follow specific procedures to ensure the MSB is appropriately registered with FinCEN as an MSB.  We must also undertake the following actions to mitigate BSA/AML risk associated with MSB activities:Confirm the MSB is subject to examination for AML compliance by the IRS or state, as applicable.Affirm the existence of a written BSA/AML program and verify the BSA Officer’s name and contact information.Ensure the MSB’s established banking relations and/or account activity is consistent with expectations.Ensure the MSB is an established business with an operating history.Determine whether the MSB provides services only to local residents.Determine whether the MSB is a principal with one or a few agents, or its acting like an agent for one principal.Determine whether the MSB’s customers conduct routine transactions in low dollar amounts.Determine whether the MSB’s business operations are consistent with information obtained at the time of account opening.Determine whether money transmitting activities are limited to domestic entities or limited to lower dollar amounts.As of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain any account relationships with NBFIs or MSBs within the “core” bank.  However, [Insert Financial Institution Here]  has exposure to MSBs through or prepaid access/card program.  To monitor these relationships and conduct ongoing monitoring, we have implemented an MSB risk assessment that is designed to determine the level of risk posed to the bank from these ongoing relationships.Professional Service ProvidersA professional service provider (PSP) acts as an intermediary between its client and the bank. PSPs include lawyers, accountants, investment brokers and other third parties that act as financial liaisons for their clients.  These providers may conduct financial dealings for their clients.  For example, an attorney may perform services for a client, or arrange for services to be performed on the client’s behalf, such as settlement of real estate transactions, asset transfers, management of client monies, investment services and trust arrangements. A typical example is interest on lawyers’ trust accounts (i.e. IOLTA).  These accounts contain funds for a lawyer’s various clients and act as a standard bank account with one unique feature:  The interest earned on the account is ceded to the state bank association or another entity for public interest and pro bono purposes.In contrast to escrow accounts that are set up to serve individual clients, PSP accounts allow for ongoing business transactions with multiple clients. Generally, we have no direct relationship with or knowledge of the beneficial owners of these accounts, who may be a constantly changing group of individuals and legal entities.Within our account opening workflow in our BSA software platform, we ask specific questions designed to determine whether a customer could be classified as a PSP.  In rating the risk associated with any customer, including PSPs, our workflow takes into account risk factors, in addition to the nature of our customer’s business, to determine the level of BSA/AML risk exposure to our bank.Non-Governmental Organizations and CharitiesWithin our account opening workflow in our BSA software platform, we ask specific questions designed to determine whether a customer could be classified as an NGO or charity.  In rating the risk associated with any customer, including NGOs and charities, our workflow takes into account risk factors, in addition to the nature of our customer’s business, to determine the level of BSA/AML risk exposure to our bankBusiness Entities | Domestic and ForeignWithin our account opening workflow in our BSA software platform, we ask specific questions designed to determine whether a customer could be classified as a domestic or foreign business entity.  In rating the risk associated with any customer, including domestic and foreign business entities, our workflow takes into account risk factors, in addition to the nature of our customer’s business, to determine the level of BSA/AML risk exposure to our bankAs of June 2016, [Insert Financial Institution Here] does not maintain account relationships with any foreign business entities.  Domestic business entities are subject to ongoing monitoring conducted through our BSA software platform. Accounts presenting moderate or high risk are subject to additional monitoring and review.Cash Intensive BusinessesWithin our account opening workflow in our BSA software platform, we ask specific questions designed to determine whether a customer could be classified as a cash intensive business.  In rating the risk associated with any customer, including cash intensive businesses, our workflow takes into account risk factors, in addition to the nature of our customer’s business, to determine the level of BSA/AML risk exposure to our bankCash intensive businesses are subject to ongoing monitoring conducted through our BSA software platform. Accounts presenting moderate or high risk are subject to additional monitoring and review.Banking Marijuana-Related BusinessesThe Controlled Substances Act (CSA) makes it illegal under federal law to manufacture, distribute or dispense marijuana.  Many states impose and enforce similar prohibition. Notwithstanding the federal ban, 29 states and the District of Columbus have legalized the use of medical marijuana, while 6 states have also legalized the use of recreational marijuana.  Because of the disconnect between federal and state laws concerning marijuana manufacture, distribution, dispensary and use, former United States Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole issued a memorandum (Cole Memo) to all U.S. Attorneys providing guidance to federal prosecutors concerning marijuana enforcement under the CSA.  The Cole Memo guidance applied to all Department of Justice enforcement activity, including civil enforcement and criminal investigations and prosecutions, concerning marijuana in all states.  However, in January 2018, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced his decision to rescind this policy, allowing federal prosecutors to bring forth criminal cases against marijuana manufacturers and distributors.  The decision to reverse policy, given the growth of the cannabis industry caused confusion among financial institutions about how to do business with marijuana manufacturers, distributors and dispensary without running afoul of federal money laundering laws.  While this policy outlines the provisions of the rescinded Cole Memo and discusses the bank’s required actions to be taken in banking marijuana manufacturers, distributors and dispensaries, it is the policy of [Insert Financial Institution Here] not to do business with identified marijuana-related businesses (MRBs) until resolution is achieved at the federal level.  [You will want to adjust this paragraph, should you do business or plan to do business with MRBs at the state level].Please refer to the Banking Marijuana Policy maintained under separate cover.Ponzi & Other SchemesThese types of schemes can offer consistent “profits” only as long as the number of investors continues to increase. The schemes are self-sustaining as long as cash outflows can be matched by monetary inflows. Ponzi schemes are based on fraudulent investment management services. Investors contribute money to the “portfolio manager” who promises them a high return and then when those investors want their money back, they are paid out with the incoming funds contributed by later investors. The individual organizing this fraud is in charge of controlling the entire operation. They merely transfer funds from one client to another and forgo any real investment activities. We have trained our staff to look for and report the following red flags that could indicate possible Ponzi schemes:Customers who provide insufficient or suspicious information Customers who are reluctant to comply with reporting and recordkeeping requirements Funds transfers to or from a financial secrecy haven Unusual transfers of funds between related entities Sudden inconsistencies in currency transaction patterns Suspicious intracompany transfers and other banking activity by a company combined with establishment of a bank or a branch office in the company’s offices where, due to electronic connections between the bank and company’s systems, bank representatives could monitor all banking activity of the company Criminal history of a company’s principals combined with the company’s lack of legitimate business activities, irregular documentation, bank employee visits to discuss company’s business and majority of bank branch employees simultaneously working at the company Banking procedures that violated internal rules combined with personal or business ties between the bank and company such as overlapping Boards of Directors or bank employees who were relatives of the company’s principal Discovery by a bank of prior criminal history of a company principal, litigation accusing the company of wrongdoing or regulatory enforcement activity concerning the company Continued provision of banking services by bank or company even after bank conducted diligence on company’s operations and decided to liquidate bank’s own position in company’s investment funds Diversion of funds to accounts not listed in deposit instructions Diversion of funds to personal commodities trading accounts Attendance by bank representatives at investor meetings where misrepresentations of the bank’s role were made Institution of unusual systems by a bank necessary to ensure against repeated “bouncing” of checks by company. Activity will monitored through the normal transaction monitoring procedures and will be investigated by the BSA Officer in accordance with our SAR decision-making processes.  Elder Financial ExploitationWe can play a key role in addressing elder financial exploitation due to the nature of the client relationship.  Older Americans hold a high concentration of wealth as compared to the general population. In the instances where elderly individuals experience declining cognitive or physical abilities, they may find themselves more reliant on specific individuals for their physical well-being, financial management, and social interaction. While anyone can be a victim of a financial crime such as identity theft, embezzlement, and fraudulent schemes, certain elderly individuals may be particularly vulnerableWe have trained our staff to monitor for and report to the BSA Officer the following red flags that may indicate the existence of elder financial exploitation. Erratic or unusual banking transactions, or changes in banking patterns: Frequent large withdrawals, including daily maximum currency withdrawals from an ATM;Sudden Non-Sufficient Fund activity;Uncharacteristic nonpayment for services, which may indicate a loss of funds or access to funds;Debit transactions that are inconsistent for the elder;Uncharacteristic attempts to wire large sums of money;Closing of CDs or accounts without regard to penalties.Interactions with customers or caregivers: A caregiver or other individual shows excessive interest in the elder's finances or assets, does not allow the elder to speak for himself, or is reluctant to leave the elder's side during conversations;The elder shows an unusual degree of fear or submissiveness toward a caregiver, or expresses a fear of eviction or nursing home placement if money is not given to a caretaker;The financial institution is unable to speak directly with the elder, despite repeated attempts to contact him or her;A new caretaker, relative, or friend suddenly begins conducting financial transactions on behalf of the elder without proper documentation;The customer moves away from existing relationships and toward new associations with other "friends" or strangers;The elderly individual's financial management changes suddenly, such as through a change of power of attorney to a different family member or a new individual;The elderly customer lacks knowledge about his or her financial status, or shows a sudden reluctance to discuss financial matters.Consistent with the standard for reporting suspicious activity as provided for in 31 CFR Part 103 (future 31 CFR Chapter X), if we know, suspect, or have reason to suspect that a transaction has no business or apparent lawful purpose or is not the sort in which the particular customer would normally be expected to engage, and we know of no reasonable explanation for the transaction after examining the available facts, including the background and possible purpose of the transaction, we should file a Suspicious Activity Report, selecting the appropriate characterization of suspicious activity in the Suspicious Activity Information section of the SAR form and include the term "elder financial exploitation" in the narrative portion of all relevant SARs filed. It is important to note that the potential victim of elder financial exploitation should not be reported as the subject of the SAR. Rather, all available information on the victim should be included in the narrative portion of the SAR.Elder abuse, including financial exploitation, is generally reported and investigated at the local level, with Adult Protective Services, District Attorney's offices, sheriff's offices, and police departments taking key roles. We emphasize that filers should continue to report all forms of elder abuse according to institutional policies and the requirements of state and local laws and regulations, where applicable. BSA Recordkeeping RequirementsThe BSA establishes recordkeeping requirements related to various types of records including:  customer accounts (e.g. loan, deposits, etc.), BSA filing requirements, and records that document a bank’s compliance with the BSA.  In general, the BSA requires that we maintain most records for at least 5 years. These records can be maintained in many forms, including original, microfilm, electronic, copy or a reproduction.  Whatever the method, we must ensure that the records are accessible in a reasonable period of time.  The records related to the transactions discussed below must be retained for 5 years. However, as noted, the records related to the identity of a bank customer must be maintained for 5 years after the account is closed. Additionally, on a case-by-case basis, we may be ordered or requested to maintain some of these records for longer periods (e.g. by U.S. Treasury Department Order or law enforcement investigation).BSA RECORDKEEPING REQUIREMENTSExtensions of Credit in Excess of $10,000 (Not Secured by Real Property)Our records must contain:  Name of borrower, address of borrower, amount of credit extended, nature/purpose of the loan, and the date of the loan.International Transactions in Excess of $10,000A record of any request made or instructions received or given regarding a transfer of currency or other monetary instruments, checks, funds, investment securities or credit greater than $10,000 to or from any person, account or place outside the U.S.Signature CardsA record of each grant of signature authority over each deposit account.Account StatementsA statement, ledger card, or other records on each deposit account showing each transaction in, or with respect to, that account.Checks in Excess of $100Each check, draft or money order drawn on the bank or issued and payable by it that is in excess of $100Deposits in Excess of $100Each deposit slip or credit ticket reflecting a transaction in excess of $100 or the equivalent records for direct deposit or other funds transfer deposit transactions.  The slip or the ticket must record the amount of any currency involved.  Records to Reconstruct Demand Deposit AccountsRecords prepared or received by the ban in the ordinary course of business, which would be needed to reconstruct a transaction account and to trace a check in excess of $100 deposited in a demand deposit account through its domestic processing system or to supply a description of a deposited check in excess of $100.Certificates of Deposit Purchased or PresentedThe record must contain:  Name of customer (purchaser or presenter); address of customer; TIN; description of the CD; notation of the method of payment if purchased; and, the date of the transaction.Purchase or Monetary Instruments of $3,000 or MoreWe must maintain a record of each bank check or draft, cashier’s check, money order or traveler’s check for $3,000 or more in currency. If the purchaser has a deposit account with the bank, the record must contain:  Name of purchaser; date of purchase; type(s) of instruments purchased; amount in dollars of each of the instrument(s) purchased; and, serial number(s) of the instrument(s) purchased.If the purchaser does not have a deposit account with the bank, the record must contain:  Name of purchaser; address of purchaser; social security number of purchaser or alien identification number; date of birth of the purchaser; date of purchase; type(s) of instrument purchased; amount in dollars of each of the instrument(s) purchased; serial number(s) of the instrument(s) purchased; and, description of document or method used to verify the name and address of the purchaser (e.g. driver’s license state of issuance and number)Funds Transfers of $3,000 or MoreOr recordkeeping requirements with respect to funds transfer vary based upon our role in the funds transfer transaction.  Records to Retain as an Originator:Name and address of originatorAmount of the payment orderExecution date of the payment orderAny payment instruction received from the originator with the payment orderIdentity of the beneficiary’s bankAs many of the following items as are receive with the order:  name and address of the beneficiary, account number of the beneficiary, any other specific identifier of the beneficiaryFor each payment order that the bank accepts for an originator that is not an established customer of the bank, we must obtain additional information under 31 CFR 1020.410(a)(2)Records to Retain as an Intermediary or Beneficiary Bank:We must retain a record of the payment orderFor each payment order that the bank accepts for a beneficiary that is not an established customer of the bank, we must obtain additional information under 31 CFR 1020.410(a)(3)Suspicious Activity Report and Supporting DocumentationWe must maintain a record of any SAR filed and the original or business record equivalent of any supporting documentation for a period of 5 years from the date of filing.Currency Transaction ReportWe must maintain a record of all CTRs for a period of 5 years from the date of filing.Designation of Exempt PersonWe must maintain a record of all designation of persons exempt from CTR reporting as filed with the Treasury for a period of 5 years from the designation date.Customer Identification ProgramWe must maintain a record of all information we obtain under our procedures for implementing our Customer Identification Program.  At a minimum, these records must include:  All identifying information about a customer (e.g. name, date of birth, TIN and address)A description of the document that we relied upon to verify the identity of the customerA description of the non-documentary methods and results of any measures we took to verify the identity of the customerA description of our resolution of any substantive discrepancy discovered when verifying the identifying information obtained.We must retain the identifying information about a customer for a period of 5 years after the account is closed, or in the case of credit card accounts, 5 years after the account becomes closed or dormant.We must retain the information relied on, methods used to verify identity and resolution of discrepancies for a period of 5 years after the record is made.Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability and Divestment ActWe must retain a copy of any report filed with FinCEN and any supporting documenting, including the foreign bank certification or other responses to an inquiry, for a period of 5 years.Penalties for Non-CompliancePenalties for money laundering and terrorist financing can be severe.  A person convicted of money laundering can face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $500,000.  Any property involved in a transaction or traceable to the proceeds of a criminal activity, including property such as loan collateral, personal property or bank accounts, may be subject to forfeiture.  Banks and individuals may incur criminal and civil liability for violating AML and terrorist financing laws.  For example, the Department of Justice may bring criminal actions for money laundering that may include criminal fines, imprisonment and forfeiture actions.  Additionally, we could risk losing our bank charter and bank employees could risk bring removed and barred from banking.  There are also criminal penalties for willful violations of the BSA and its implementing regulations and for structuring transactions to evade BSA reporting requirements.  For example, a person, including a bank employee, willfully violating the BSA or its implementing regulations is subject to a criminal fine of up to $250,000 or 5 years in prison, or both.  A person who commits such a violation while also violating another U.S. law, or engaging in a pattern of criminal activity, is subject to  a fine of up to $500,000 or 10 years in prison, or both.  A bank that violates certain BSA provisions or special measures, faces criminal penalties up to the greater of $1 million or twice the value of the transaction.The federal banking agencies and FinCEN can bring civil money penalty actions for violations of the BSA.  In addition to criminal and civil money penalty actions taken against them, individual may be removed from banking for a violation of AML laws.  All of these actions are publicly available.Employee AttestationI, _____________________________, certify that I have received and read [Insert Financial Institution Here]’s BSA Policy. As a condition of my employment with [Insert Financial Institution Here], I will comply with the requirements and provisions within this policy and its supporting procedures.Employee Name (Printed)Title & DepartmentEmployee SignatureDateEXHIBIT A | CIP NoticeIMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PROCEDURES FOR OPENING A NEW ACCOUNT – To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account. What this means for you:  When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents.  
}}
  
  """
  
  # Set parameters
  
  PARAMETER stop "<|start_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|end_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|eot_id|>"
  PARAMETER num_predict 5000
  PARAMETER num_ctx 20000