FROM llama3
  TEMPLATE """
  
  {{ if .System }}<|start_header_id|>system<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .System }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}{{ if .Prompt }}<|start_header_id|>prompt<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Prompt }}<|eot_id|>{{ end }}<|start_header_id|>assistant<|end_header_id|>
  
  {{ .Response }}<|eot_id|>
  """
  
  SYSTEM """You are an Ai , whose job is to analyze the inherent risks of a banking system . First user_prompt given to you is the context of data that you will use to analyze the banking system and paired input will have information about the risk code that you have to analyze . Write a response that appropriately completes the request.  And while giving response don't provide any additional data, if the context doesn't have data reuired for analysis of code then simply say provided data is not suffiecient for this code analysis , And your response should contain Inherent Risk Category , Inherent Risk Score , Mitigating controls , mitigating control score , Document Name used for analysis , specific part of context used in analaysis and page Number of that specific part used.
  
  Context : {{. Document Name - [object Object]    - [Insert Company Logo Here]Bank Secrecy Act Policy[Insert Financial Institution Here]|[Date]ContentsBackground and Policy Statement	3Board Oversight	4BSA/AML Compliance Program Components	4BSA/AML Risk Assessment	4Internal Control Requirements	5Independent Testing Requirements	6BSA Officer Responsibilities	7Training Requirements	7CIP | Documents Required for Individuals	9CIP | Documents Required for Businesses	10CIP | Non-Documentary Verification Methods	10CIP | Additional Identification Procedures for Specific Customers	11CIP | Circumstances under which the Bank should Not Open an Account	11CIP | Exceptions	12CIP | When the Bank Should File a SAR	12CIP | Comparison with Government Lists	12CIP | Providing Customer Notice	12CIP | Reliance on another Financial Institution	12CIP | Use of Third Parties	13CIP | Record Retention	13Customer Due Diligence	13CDD | Identifying Beneficial Owners	14CDD | Determining a Customer’s Risk Rating	16CDD | Enhanced Due Diligence for Higher-Risk Customers	17CDD for Lending Relationships	17CDD | High Risk Banking Functions	17Suspicious Activity Reporting	17SAR Filing Requirements	18Suspicious Activity Reporting Safe Harbor	19Systems to Identify, Research and Report Suspicious Activity	19Identification of Unusual Activity	19Managing Alerts	20SAR Decision-Making Process	20SAR Filing on Continuous Activity	20SAR Completion and Filing	21Notifying the Board of SAR Filings	21Closing an Account Due to Continuous Suspicious Activity	21Prohibition of SAR Disclosure	21Documentation of Circumstances in which SARs have been considered, but Not Filed	22Suspicious Activity Reporting Record Retention	22Currency Transaction Reporting	22Aggregation of Currency Transactions	22CTR Completion and Filing	23Currency Transaction Reporting Exemptions	23Safe Harbor for Failure to File CTRs	25CTR Exemption Record Retention	25Information Sharing under the USA PATRIOT Act	25Section 314(a) Information Sharing	25Section 314(b) Information Sharing	26Purchase and Sale of Monetary Instruments	26Recordkeeping Requirements for Monetary Instrument Sales	27Funds Transfers	27Funds Transfer Recordkeeping	29Foreign Correspondent Account Recordkeeping, Reporting & Due Diligence	29Private Banking	30Special Measures under the USA PATRIOT Act	30International Transportation of Currency or Monetary Instruments Reporting	30Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Assets	31OFAC	31OFAC | Blocked Transactions	31OFAC | Prohibited Transactions	32OFAC | Licenses	32OFAC | Reporting	32OFAC | Compliance Program & Risk Assessment	32Correspondent Accounts	33Bulk Shipments of Currency	34Electronic Banking	34Remote Deposit Capture	34ACH Transactions	34International ACH Payments	35Third Party Service Providers	35Prepaid Access	35Third Party Payment Processors	37Brokered Deposits	37Privately Owned ATMs	37Non-Deposit Investment Products and Insurance	38Concentration Accounts	38Custodial CDs	38Check Cashing for Non-Customers	38Lending Activities	39Trade Finance Activities	39Trust and Asset Management Services	39High Balance Customers	39Non-Resident Aliens and Foreign Individuals	39Politically Exposed Persons	40Non-Bank Financial Institutions and MSBs	40Professional Service Providers	41Non-Governmental Organizations and Charities	42Business Entities | Domestic and Foreign	42Cash Intensive Businesses	42Banking Marijuana-Related Businesses	43Ponzi & Other Schemes	43Elder Financial Exploitation	44BSA Recordkeeping Requirements	46Penalties for Non-Compliance	48Background and Policy Statement[Insert Financial Institution Here] has established goal of maintaining a Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and Anti-Money Laundering (AML) compliance program with strong monitoring procedures in place. We have implemented a process by which we continuously identify and monitor the risks that could directly impact the quality of our BSA/AML compliance program.  By analyzing and understanding our BSA/AML risk profile, we have been able to apply appropriate risk management processes to, and controls within, the BSA/AML compliance program to mitigate risk.  Board OversightThe Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for ensuring the bank maintains an effective BSA/AML program. As a result, management is required to develop policies and procedures designed to limit and reasonably control BSA/AML risks identified in the risk assessment.   The Board is also responsible for designating a qualified BSA/AML Compliance Officer to oversee daily compliance. This designation must be made by formal Board resolution at least annually and noted within the minutes of the meeting in which the designation is made.  The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that the BSA Officer has sufficient authority and resources to administer an effective BSA/AML Program based on the bank’s risk profile.BSA/AML Compliance Program ComponentsAs required by law, our BSA/AML compliance program must be written, approved by the Board of Directors and noted in the Board minutes.  We must have a BSA/AML compliance program that is commensurate with our risk profile.  Our BSA/AML compliance program must be fully implemented and reasonably designed to meet BSA requirements.  We acknowledge that policy statements alone are not sufficient; our practices must coincide with our written policies, procedures and processes.  Our BSA/AML compliance program must provide for the following minimum requirements, also referred to as the “pillars” of BSA:A system of internal controls to ensure ongoing compliance.Independent testing of BSA/AML compliance.Designation of an individual or individuals responsible for managing BSA compliance (i.e. BSA Officer).Training for appropriate personnel.Additionally, we must include a Customer Identification Program as part of our BSA/AML compliance program.  BSA/AML Risk AssessmentWe acknowledge the value in establishing a comprehensive risk assessment to aid us in applying appropriate risk management processes to, and controls within, our BSA/AML compliance program with the objective of mitigating that risk.  We also acknowledge that the risk assessment process has helped us in identifying and mitigating gaps in our controls.  In the 2Q2016, we undertook an initiative to overhaul the existing BSA/AML risk assessment to ensure that our resulting BSA/AML risk assessment is representative of our BSA/AML risk as presented by our operations, markets, customer base, products, services and risk management practices.  Based on the information analyzed within our risk assessment, we have identified our BSA/AML risk profile to be moderate.  We also acknowledge that our risks will change as we implement new products and services, enter new markets, take on new customers and make changes operationally and strategically. As such, we have committed to maintaining a dynamic risk assessment that is proactively updated for any changes that could impact the bank’s risk profile.Internal Control RequirementsThe Board, acting through Senior Management, is ultimately responsible for ensuring that the bank maintains an effective BSA/AML internal control structure, including suspicious activity monitoring and reporting.  Internal controls are our policies, procedures and processes designed to limit and control risks and to achieve compliance with the BSA.  The following table highlights internal control requirements and the actions we have taken to ensure we have implemented satisfactory controls. Internal controls should:[Insert Financial Institution Here] BSA/AML INTERNAL CONTROL STRUCTURE☒Identify banking operations more vulnerable to abuse by money launderers and criminals; provide for periodic updates to the bank’s risk profile; and, provide for a BSA/AML compliance program tailored to manage risks.☒Inform the Board, or appropriate subcommittee, and Senior Management of compliance initiatives, identified compliance deficiencies, and corrective actions taken, and notify directors and senior management of SARs filed.☒Identify a person or persons responsible for BSA/AML compliance.☒Provide for program continuity despite changes in management or employee composition or structure.☒Meet all regulatory recordkeeping and reporting requirements, meet recommendations for BSA/AML compliance and provide for timely updates in response to changes in regulations.  ☒Implement risk-based CDD policies, procedures and processes.☒Identify reportable transactions and accurately file all required reports including SARs, CTRs and CTR exemptions.  ☒Provide for dual controls and the segregation of duties to the extent possible.☒Provide sufficient controls and systems for filing CTRs and CTR exemptions.☒Provide sufficient controls and monitoring systems for timely detection and reporting of suspicious activity.☒Provide for adequate supervision of employees that handle currency transactions, complete reports grant exemptions monitor for suspicious activity or engage in any other activity covered by the BSA and its implementing regulations.☒Incorporate BSA compliance into the job descriptions and performance evaluations of bank personnel, as appropriate.☒Train employees to be aware of their responsibilities under the BSA regulations and internal policy guidelines.  Independent Testing RequirementsUnder the pillars of BSA, we are required to ensure independent testing of the adequacy of our BSA/AML compliance program is conducted every 12-18 months. We acknowledge that our risk profile, driven by our products, services, customer base and markets, presents elevated BSA/AML risk and as such, it is the policy of [Insert Financial Institution Here] to engage an independent third party to conduct the bank’s BSA/AML audit every 12 months, at a minimum.  It should be noted that two independent testing functions support one another in this endeavor:  one audit assesses the adequacy of the bank’s BSA/AML compliance program over the “core” bank, while a second audit, performed by a separate independent third party, assesses the adequacy of our BSA/AML controls over the bank’s prepaid card function.  The independent third parties performing such audits are subject to the bank’s vendor management process.  We have laid out the following, in accordance with regulatory guidance, as minimum requirements for our BSA/AML independent testing process:[Insert Financial Institution Here] BSA/AML INDEPENDENT TESTING REQUIREMENTS☒An evaluation of the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the BSA/AML compliance program, including policies, procedures and processes. We require an explicit statement about the BSA/AML compliance program’s overall effectiveness and compliance with applicable regulatory requirements.  ☒A review of the bank’s risk assessment for reasonableness given our risk profile.☒Appropriate risk-based transactional testing to verify our bank’s adherence to the BSA recordkeeping and reporting requirements.☒An evaluation of management’s efforts to resolve violations and deficiencies noted in previous audits and regulatory examinations, including progress in addressing outstanding supervisory actions.☒A review of staff training for adequacy, accuracy and completeness.☒A review of the effectiveness of our suspicious activity monitoring systems.☒An assessment of our process for identifying and reporting suspicious activity, including a review of filed or prepared SARs to determine their accuracy, timeliness, completeness and effectiveness of our policy.☒An assessment of the integrity and accuracy of MIS used in the BSA/AML compliance program, including reports used to identify large currency transactions, aggregate daily currency transactions, funds transfer transactions, monetary instrument sales and analytical and trend reports.We require that the audit scope, procedures performed, transactional testing completed and findings from the review be defined and documented.  All audit documentation and work papers are available for examiner review.  Any violations, policy or procedure exceptions or other deficiencies are outlined within an audit report that is provided to the Board upon completion of the audit.  BSA Officer ResponsibilitiesThe Board recognizes its responsibility to designate a qualified individual to serve as our bank’s BSA Compliance Officer.  The BSA Compliance Officer is responsible for coordinating and monitoring daily BSA/AML compliance.  The BSA Officer is also charged with managing all aspects of the BSA/AML compliance program and with managing the bank’s adherence to the BSA and its implementing regulations. The Board has designated a BSA Officer at the executive level who is responsible for daily oversight of the bank’s core and prepaid card BSA compliance programs.  The BSA Officer is supported by an Assistant BSA Officer.Both the BSA Officer and Assistant BSA Officer maintain certifications through the Association of Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialists and are expected to fulfill continuing education requirements to maintain these certifications and remain knowledgeable of BSA/AML requirements, emerging risks, and areas of regulatory concern.The BSA Officer must provide quarterly reports to the Board of Directors that address the following, at a minimum:Strengths and weaknesses within our BSA/AML program.Results of our most recent independent audit(s).Reports filed during the quarter.Changes in our bank’s risk profile, including recommendations for change and/or updates to our BSA/AML risk assessment or policy.Adequacy of resources, in terms of staffing, training and/or technology needs.  Training RequirementsOngoing and meaningful training is critical to effectively comply with the BSA and its supporting laws and regulations, as well as with our BSA/AML compliance program.  On an annual basis, we provide for classroom-style BSA training for our staff during the bank’s all-employee in-service day. For this training, staff is divided into areas of responsibility and BSA training content is tailored to those groups.  Senior Management also participates in these annual staff training sessions.  As noted within this policy, the BSA Officer and Assistant BSA Officer are expected to fulfill continuing education requirements to maintain ACAMS certifications and to remain knowledgeable of BSA/AML requirements, emerging risks, and areas of regulatory concern. Resources have been allotted to ensure these requirements are met.  The Board acknowledges that it must remain knowledgeable of BSA requirements and emerging issues. As such, resources have been dedicated to ensure the Board receives BSA compliance training annually, at a minimum.  [Insert Financial Institution Here]’s BSA/AML training initiatives are documented. Training and testing materials, dates of training sessions and attendance records are maintained by the bank’s Human Resources Officer and are available for examiner review.The Money Laundering ProcessIn order to fully understand the purpose behind the practices and procedures incorporated in our BSA/AML compliance program, we must have an understanding of the money laundering process.  Money laundering is the criminal practice of processing ill-gotten gains or “dirty” money, through a series of transactions. In this way, funds are “cleaned” so that they appear to be proceeds from legal activities.  Money laundering generally does not involve currency at every stage of the laundering process. Although money laundering is a diverse and often complex process, it basically involved three independent steps that can occur simultaneously.Placement:  The first and most vulnerable stage of money laundering.  The goal is to introduce the unlawful proceeds into the financial system without attracting the attention of financial institutions or law enforcement.  Placement techniques include structuring currency deposits in amounts to evade reporting requirements or commingling currency deposits of legal and illegal enterprises.  Examples may include:  dividing large amounts of currency into less conspicuous smaller sums that are deposited directly into a bank account, depositing a refund check from a cancelled vacation or insurance policy, or purchasing a series of monetary instruments that are collected and then deposited into accounts at another location or financial institutions.  Layering:  Involved moving funds around the financial system, often in a complex series of transactions to create confusion and complicate the paper trail.  Examples may include:  exchanging monetary instruments for larger or smaller amounts, or wiring or transferring funds to and through numerous accounts in or more financial institutionsIntegration:  Once the funds are in the financial system and insulated through the layering stage, the integration stage is used to create the appearance of legality through additional transactions.  These transactions further shield the criminal from recorded connection to the funds by providing a plausible explanation for the source of funds. Examples may include:  the purchase and resale of real estate, investment securities, foreign trusts or other assetsAdditionally, we must understanding indications and risks of terrorist financing.  The motivation behind terrorist financing is ideological as opposed to profit-seeking, which is generally the motivation for most crimes associated with money laundering.  Terrorism is intended to intimidate a population or to compel a government or an international organization to do or to abstain from doing any specific act through the threat of violence.  Terrorist groups develop sources of funding that are relatively mobile to ensure that funds can be used to obtain material and other logistical items needed to commit terrorist acts.  As such, money laundering is often a vital component on terrorist financing.  Terrorists generally finance their activities through both unlawful and legitimate sources.  Unlawful activities, such as extortion, kidnapping and narcotics trafficking, have been found to be a major source of funding.  Other observed activities involve smuggling, fraud, theft, robbery, identity theft and use of conflict diamonds as well as the improper use of charitable or relief funds.  In the last case, donors may have no knowledge that their donations have been diverted to support terrorist causes.  It is crucial that we also address and understand elder financial exploitation. We can play a critical role in addressing elder financial exploitation through our knowledge of our customers and their accounts.  We may become aware of persons or entities perpetrating illicit activity against the elderly through monitoring transaction activity that is not consistent with expected behavior.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] Bank may also become aware of such scams through our direct interactions with our customers who are being financially exploited.  If we observe possible elder abuse red flags, we must contact the BSA Officer. The BSA Officer is then required to review the circumstance of the situation and determine whether a SAR filing may be warranted.  Customer Identification Program OverviewWe are required by law to have a written Customer Identification Program (CIP).  Our CIP is intended to enable us to form a reasonable belief that we know the true identities of our customers.  Our CIP must include account opening procedures that specify the identifying information we obtain from each customer.  We must also include reasonable and practical risk-based procedures for verifying the identity of each customer.  Under the CIP rule, an “account” is a formal banking relationship to provide or engage in services, dealings or other financial transactions and includes a deposit account, a transaction or asset account, a credit account or another extension of credit. An account also includes a relationship established to provide a safe deposit box or other safekeeping service or to provide cash management, custodian or trust services.  An account does not include:Products or services for which a formal banking relationship is not established with a person, such as check cashing, funds transfer or the sale of a check or money order.Any account that the bank acquires. This may include single or multiple accounts as a result of a purchase of assets, acquisition, merger or assumption of liabilities.Account opened to participate in an employee benefit plan established under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.  The CIP rule applies to a “customer”.  A customer is a person (an individual, corporation, partnership, trust, estate or any other entity recognized as a legal person) who opens a new account, an individual who opens a new account for another individual who lacks legal capacity and an individual who opens a new account for any entity that is not a legal person.  A customer does not include a person who does not receive banking services, such as a person whose loan application is denied. CIP | Documents Required for IndividualsAt a minimum, we must obtain the following identifying information from each customer before opening an account:NameDate of birthAddressIdentification numberFor an individual who does not have a residential or business street address, an Army Post Office (APO) or Fleet Post Office (FPO) box number, or the residential street address of the next of kin or of another contact individual may be accepted.For a non-U.S. person, one or more of the following must be obtained:TIN.Passport number and country of issuance.Alien identification card number.Number and country of issuance of any other government-issued document evidencing nationality or residence and bearing a photograph or similar safeguard.Identifying documents used to verify our customers’ identities must provide evidence of a customer’s nationality or residence and bear a photograph or similar safeguard.  We must obtain an unexpired, photo ID (e.g. driver’s license, passport, state-issued photo ID, resident alien card). CIP | Documents Required for Businesses At a minimum, we must obtain the following identifying information from each customer before opening an account:NameAddress (principal place of business, local office or other physical location)Identification number (including Amish)For a person other than an individual, such as a corporation, partnership or trust, we must obtain documents showing the legal existence of the entity, such as certified articles of incorporation, an unexpired government-issued business license, a partnership agreement or a trust instrument.CIP | Non-Documentary Verification MethodsWe are not required to use non-documentary methods to verify a customer’s identity. However, in cases in which a customer may not have documents to satisfy our documentary identification methods, we may utilize non-documentary methods to verify a customer’s identity.  We may contact the customer; independently verify a customer’s identity through the comparison of information provided by the customer with information obtained from a consumer reporting agency, public database or other source; check references with other financial institutions; or, obtain a financial statement.  The following situations may occur in the normal course of business. Please note [Insert Financial Institution Here]’s procedure for addressing each situation. Note:  e-Funds queries are made for all new customers. For loan accounts, credit reports are obtained for all new customers.SITUATIONS IN WHICH NON-DOCUMENTARY VERIFICATION METHODS MAY BE USEDDescription of Situation[Insert Financial Institution Here] ProcedureAn individual is unable to present an unexpired government-issued identification document that bears a photograph or similar safeguardWe are not familiar with the documents presentedThe account is opened without obtaining documents (e.g. we obtain required information from the customer with the intent to verify it)The customer opens the account without appearing in personWe are otherwise presenting with circumstances that increase the risk that we will be unable to verify the true identity of a customer through documentsFor accounts opened online, we utilize e-Funds and/or a credit report to verify the customer’s identity.  We then follow up with customer contact to verify that the information provided is accurate.  For non-individuals, we obtain financial statements, business credit reports and perform customer contact.CIP | Additional Identification Procedures for Specific CustomersThere are situations where we obtain information about individuals with authority or control over an account, including signatories, in order to verify a customer’s identity.  This verification method applies only when we cannot verify the customer’s true identity through documentary or non-documentary methods.  For example, we may need to obtain information about and verify the identity of a sole proprietor or the principals in a partnership when we cannot otherwise satisfactorily identify the sole proprietor or the partnership.We will obtain CIP information on signatories for new accounts opened by entities, and if the risk warrants, we will verify their identity using established verification methods.For our Amish customers who do not maintain photo ID, we have established an alternative method to verify their identities.  We will accept a letter from the community’s Bishop attesting to the identity of our Amish customer who is requesting to open an account with [Insert Financial Institution Here].  Please note that the Amish customer must provide a TIN at the time of account opening.CIP | Circumstances under which the Bank should Not Open an AccountWhen identification verification procedures do not result in a reasonable belief of the true identity of the customer, the account should not be opened.  CIP | ExceptionsExcluded from the definition of customer (and therefore excluded from CIP) are federal regulated banks, banks regulated by a state bank regulator, governmental entities and publicly traded companies.  Instead of obtaining a TIN from a customer prior to opening an account, an account may be opened without a taxpayer identification number where the customer has applied for, but has not yet received a taxpayer identification number.  Where this exception is utilized, a copy of the TIN application must be made and kept with the other account opening documentation.  The account should be flagged for review to ensure that the TIN was received within a reasonable time.  Generally, this time should not exceed 6-8 weeks from the time of account opening.  During this timeframe, the customer may have use of the account. If the TIN has not been received within this time period, customer contact should be made to determine its status. If the TIN is not forthcoming after contacting the customer, or if the bank has received notification that a TIN will not be issued, the account must be closed.  CIP | When the Bank Should File a SARWhen an account is declined or closed due to the inability to verify the customer’s identity, the BSA Officer must be contacted to determine whether a SAR should be filed.  Similarly, the BSA Officer should be notified of any unusual or suspicious identification documents or behaviors (e.g. reluctance to provide required information) observed at the time of account opening to determine whether a SAR should be filed. CIP | Comparison with Government ListsOur CIP must include procedures for determining whether a customer appears on any federal government list of known or suspected terrorists or terrorist organizations.  We are contacted by the U.S. Treasury in consultation with the FDIC when a list is issued.  At that time, we must compare customer names against the list within a reasonable time of account opening or earlier, if required by the government, and as must also follow any directives that accompany the list.  As of the date of this policy, there are no designated government lists to verify specifically for CIP purposes.  Customer comparisons to Office of Foreign Assets Control lists and 314(a) requests remain separate and distinct requirements.CIP | Providing Customer NoticeWe must provide customers with adequate notice that we will request information to verify their identities.  The notice must describe our identification requirements and we must provide the notice in a manner that is reasonably designed to allow a customer to view it or otherwise receive the notice before an account is opened.  The content of our CIP Notice has been provided as Exhibit A to this policy.CIP | Reliance on another Financial InstitutionWe are permitted to rely on another financial institution to perform some or all of the elements of the CIP as long as the following criteria are met:The relied-upon financial institution is subject to a rule implementing AML program requirements and is regulated by a federal functional regulator.The customer has an account or is opening an account at the bank and at the other functionally regulated institution.Reliance is reasonable under the circumstances.The other financial institution enters into a contract requiring it to certify annually to the bank that is has implemented its AML program and it will perform (or its agent will perform) the specified requirements of the bank’s CIP.CIP | Use of Third PartiesThe CIP rule does not alter our authority to use a third party, such as an agent or service provider, to perform services on our behalf.  We are permitted to arrange for a third party, such as a car dealer or mortgage broker, acting as our agent in connection with ah loan, to verify the identity of our customer.  We can also arrange for a third party to maintain our records.  However, with any other responsibility performed by a third party, we are ultimately responsible for that third party’s compliance with our CIP requirements.  This requirement contrasts with the reliance provision of the CIP rule that permits the relied-upon party to take responsibility. Accounts may be opened by a third party, such a prepaid card program manager or IPI investment products.  In these instances, photo ID must be obtained, reviewed and documented for individuals.  Additional verification is performed through credit reports, e-Funds, or a telephone call.  For non-individuals, third parties must obtain articles of incorporation, government issued business licenses, partnership agreements, trust agreements, or certificates of good standing.   CIP | Record RetentionAt a minimum, we must retain the identifying information (name, address, date of birth for an individual, TIN and any other information required by the CIP) obtained at account opening for a period of 5 years after an account is closed. For credit cards, the retention period if 5 years after the account closes or becomes dormant.  We must also keep a description of the following for 5 years after the record was made:Any document that was relied upon to verify identity, noting the type of document, the identification number, the place of issuance and, if any, the date of issuance and expiration date.The method and results of any measures undertaken to verify identity.The results of any substantive discrepancy discovered when verifying identity.Customer Due DiligenceOur BSA/AML compliance program must include the adoption and implementation of comprehensive CDD policies, procedures and processes for all customers, particularly those who present higher risk for money laundering and terrorist financing. We must also include enhanced CDD for higher-risk customers and ongoing due diligence of our customer base.  CDD policies, procedures and processes are critical because they can aid us in:Detecting and reporting unusual or suspicious transactions that potentially expose the bank to financial loss, increased expenses or reputational risk.Avoiding criminal exposure from persons who use or attempt to use the bank’s products and services for illicit purposes.Adhering to safe and sound banking practices.CDD | Identifying Beneficial OwnersIn May 2016, FinCEN issued Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial Institutions.  The final rule amends existing rules to explicitly reference key elements of customer due diligence and set forward minimum standards for CDD that are believed to be fundamental to an effective anti-money laundering program.  The rule becomes effective on July 11, 2016 and its requirements must be implemented by May 11, 2018.  Under this rule, we must identify and verify the identity of beneficial owners of all legal entity customers at the time a new account is opened.  We verify the identity of the individuals identified as beneficial owners – NOT his or her status as a beneficial owner.  We are required to establish and maintain written policies and procedures reasonably designed to identify and verify the identities of beneficial owners of legal entity customers.  FinCEN is NOT imposing a categorical retroactive requirement. A beneficial owner is he natural person (as opposed to another legal entity). To aid in the determination of who meets the definition of a beneficial owner, FinCEN has provided for a two-prong test.  Each prong is intended to be an independent test.In cases where an individual is both a 25% owner and meets the definition for control, that same individual could be identified as a beneficial owner under both prongs.  You may also identify other individuals that technically fall outside the proposed definition of “beneficial owner” in accordance with your risk mitigation and customer due diligence practices.  Exclusions to the beneficial ownership rule include:  Financial institutions regulated by a Federal functional regulator or a bank regulated by a State bank regulatorA department or agency of the United States, of any State, or of any political subdivision of a StateAny entity established under the laws of the United States, of any State, or of any political subdivision of any State, or under an interstate compact between two or more states, that exercises governmental authority on behalf of the U.S. or of any such State or political subdivisionAny entity (other than a bank)) whose common stock or analogous equity interests are listed on the New York, American or NASDAQ stock exchangesAny entity organized under the laws of the United States or any State at least 51% of whose common stock or analogous equity interests are held in a listed entity.An issuer of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or that is required to file reports under Section 15(d) of that ActAn investment company, as defined in Section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, that is registered with the SEC under that ActAn investment adviser, as defined in Section 2022(a)(11) of the  Investment Advisors Act of 1940 that is registered with the SEC under that ActAn exchange or clearing agency, as defined in Section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that is registered under Section 6 or 17A of that ActAny other entity registered with the SEC under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934A registered entity, commodity pool operators, commodity trading advisor, retail foreign exchange dealer, swap dealer, or major swap participant, each as defined in Section 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act that is registered with the CFTCA public accounting firm registered under Section 102 of the Sarbanes-Oxley ActA bank holding company, as defined in Section 2 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 or a savings or loan holding company as defined in Section 10(n) of the Home Owners’ Loan ActA pooled investment vehicle that is operated or advised by a financial institution excluded from the ruleAn insurance company that is regulated by a StateA financial market utility designated by the Financial Stability Oversight Council under Title VIII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010A foreign financial institution established in a jurisdiction where the regulator of such institution maintains beneficial ownership information regarding such institutionNon-excluded pooled investment vehiclesIntermediated account relationshipsA non-U.S. governmental department, agency or political subdivision that engages only in governmental rather than commercial activities (As in the case of other legal entities lacking significant equity interests, financial institutions would be expected to collect beneficial ownership information under the control prong only)Any legal entity only to the extent that it opens a private banking account subject to 31 CFR 1010.620Non-profit entities whether or not tax exempt (from the ownership prong).  For purposes of this provision, a non-profit corporation or similar entity would include, among others, charitable, non-profit, not-for-profit, non-stock, public benefit or similar corporationsAccounts established for the purchase and financing of postage and for which payments are remitted directly by the financial institution to the provider of the postage products **Commercial accounts to financial insurance premiums and for which payments are remitted directly by the financial institution to the insurance provider or broker **Accounts to finance the purchase or lease of equipment and for which payments are remitted directly by the financial institution to the vendor or lessor of the equipment ****   The three exemptions directly above are subject to further limitations to mitigate the remaining limited money laundering risks associated with them. (Refer to Page 22 of the Final rule for details)The CDD Rule requires us to obtain information about the beneficial owners of a legal entity from the individual seeking to open a new account on behalf of the legal entity customer.  This individual could, but would not necessarily, be a beneficial owner. Please refer to the Beneficial Ownership Account Opening Procedures to guide you through the account opening process and the Customer Identification Program Procedures for information required to be obtained from each beneficial owner (i.e. CIP procedures for individuals) and acceptable documentary and non-documentary methods of verifying an individual’s identity.  We must use beneficial ownership information as we use other information we gather regarding customers, including compliance with OFAC-administered sanctions. As such, we must screen each beneficial owner against the OFAC list prior to account opening and/or disbursement of loan proceeds.FinCEN does not expect the information obtained under the CDD Rule to add additional 314(a) requirements.  The regulation implementing Section 314(a) does not require the reporting of beneficial ownership information associated with an account or transaction matching a named subject in a 314(a) request.  We are required to search our records for accounts or transactions matching a named subject and report whether a match exists using the identifying information provided in the request.  However, we have established as our policy, to include beneficial ownership in our investigation processes in addressing and responding to 314(a) requests [adjust this section if you policy is different].CDD | Determining a Customer’s Risk RatingAt the time of account opening, staff complete a workflow within our BSA software platform designed to address both CIP and CDD requirements.  The workflow walks account opening personnel through questions about a customer’s occupation or nature of business, purpose of the account, sources of funds and wealth, ownership control, domicile, anticipated account activity and other critical information that helps us to form an understanding about the customer and his/her/its anticipated relationship (and associated risk) with [Insert Financial Institution Here].  CDD | Responsibilities for Reviewing and Revising Customer Risk Ratings Customers rated High Risk at the time of account opening will be subject to an internal 60-day look-back to determine whether the high risk rating is appropriate given transaction activity conducted in the first three months of account opening.  A standard form has been developed to facilitate this look-back and document the assessment process.  This form is also utilized to perform monitoring of High and Moderate Risk Customers (i.e. those who have been identified as High or Moderate Risk based on ongoing monitoring, transaction activity, nature of business, etc.).  Criteria used to quantify risk and define/drive risk ratings has been outlined on the Customer Risk Assessment form.CDD | Enhanced Due Diligence for Higher-Risk CustomersCustomers who pose higher money laundering or terrorist financing risks present increased exposure to our bank.  Enhanced due diligence (EDD) for higher risk customers is especially critical in understanding their anticipated transactions and implementing a suspicious activity monitoring system that reduces our reputation, compliance and transaction risks.  Are noted above, customers that pose elevated risks (i.e. moderate and high risk customers) are subject to comprehensive periodic account reviews that are designed to ascertain whether transactions are reflective of the anticipated and “normal” activity for a given customer and whether there is any unusual or suspicious activity conducted during the timeframe reviewed.  Additionally, all customers are subject to ongoing behavior-based monitoring parameters within our BSA software platform.CDD for Lending RelationshipsExtensions of credit are incorporated into the bank’s behavior-based BSA monitoring system. [Insert bank process]  CDD | High Risk Banking FunctionsAs part of our BSA/AML risk assessment process, we reviewed all of our banking functions to determine those that present elevated BSA/AML risk.  The most prominent of such functions include online account opening and the prepaid card function.  Please refer to [Insert Financial Institution Here]’s BSA/AML risk assessment for complete details.Suspicious Activity Reporting We must have processes in place to identify, evaluate and report suspicious activity.  Suspicious activity reports (SARs) must be filed for:Criminal violations involving insider abuse in any amount.Criminal violations aggregating to $5,000 or more when a suspect can be identified.Criminal violations aggregating to $25,000 or more regardless of a potential suspect.Transactions conducted or attempted by, at or through the bank and aggregating to $5,000 or more if you know, suspect or have reason to suspect that the transaction involves illegal activity, is designed to evade reporting requirements or has no apparent lawful purpose.As SAR should also be filed when activity is inconsistent with an individual’s occupation, nature of business or does not reflect “normal” account activity.Mandatory SAR Reporting of Cyber-EventsWe are required to report a suspicious transaction conducted or attempted by, at or through the bank that involves or aggregates to $5,000 or more in funds or other assets.  If we suspect, or have reason to suspect that a cyber-event was intended, in whole or in part, to conduct, facilitate or affect a transaction or a series of transactions, it should be considered part of an attempt to conduct a suspicious transaction or series of transactions. In determining whether a cyber-event should be reported, we should consider all available information surrounding the cyber-event, including its nature and the information and systems targeted.  Similarly, to determine monetary amounts involved in the transactions or attempted transactions, we should consider in aggregate the funds and assets involved in or put at risk by the cyber event. When we report a cyber-event through a SAR, we should include, to the extent possible:Description and magnitude of the event.Known or suspected time, location and characteristics or signatures of the event.Indicators of compromise.Relevant IP addresses and their timestamps.Device identifiers.Methodologies used.Other information we believe is relevant.SAR Filing RequirementsSARs must be filed no later than 30 calendar days from the date of initial detection.  If no subject can be identified, the time period for filing is extended to 60 days.  The time period to file a SAR starts when we, in the course of our review or as a result of other factors, reach the conclusion that we know or have reason to suspect that activity meets one or more definitions of suspicious activity.  “Initial detection” should not necessarily be interpreted as meaning the moment a transaction is highlighted for review.  When a SAR is filed, we must review account activity for the subsequent 90 days following the filing to determine whether the suspicious activity has persisted. If suspicious activity has continued, we must file a SAR for continuous suspicious activity.  FinCEN guidance allows for an expanded filing deadline for continuous suspicious activity.  We may file SARs for continuous suspicious activity after a 90-day review, with the filing deadline being 120 days after the date of the previously related SAR.For situations requiring immediate attention, in addition to filing a timely SAR, we must immediately notify, by telephone, an “appropriate law enforcement authority” and, as necessary, our primary regulator.  For this initial notification, an appropriate law enforcement authority would generally be the local office of the IRS Criminal Investigation Unit or the FBI.  Notifying law enforcement of a suspicious activity does not relieve us of our obligation to file a SAR.Suspicious Activity Reporting Safe HarborFederal law provides protection from civil liability for all reports of suspicious transactions made to appropriate authorities, including supporting documentation regardless of whether such reports are filed pursuant to SAR instructions. Specifically, the law provides that a bank and its directors, officers, employees and agents that make a disclosure to the appropriate authorities of any possible violation of law or regulation, including a disclosure in connection with the preparation of SARs, “shall not be liable to any person under any law or regulation of the United States, any constitution, law or regulation of any State or political subdivision of any State, or under any contract or other legally enforceable agreement (including any arbitration agreement), for such disclosure or for any failure to provide notice of such disclosure to the person who is the subject of the such disclosure or any other person identified in the disclosure”.  The safe harbor applies to SARs filed with the required reporting thresholds as well as SARs filed voluntarily on any activity below required thresholds.  Systems to Identify, Research and Report Suspicious ActivitySuspicious activity monitoring and reporting are critical internal controls. Proper monitoring and reporting processes are essential to ensuring that the bank has an adequate and effective BSA compliance program.  Generally effective suspicious activity monitoring and reporting systems include 5 key components:  Identification or alert of unusual activity, which may include:  employee identification, law enforcement inquiries other referrals and transaction and surveillance monitoring system output.  Managing alerts.SAR decision-making.SAR completion and filing.Monitoring and SAR filing on continuous activity.These components are interdependent.  Breakdowns in any one or more of these components may adversely affect SAR reporting and BSA compliance.   Identification of Unusual ActivityWe use multiple methods to identify potentially suspicious activity, including but not limited to activity identified by employees during daily operations, law enforcement inquiries, advisories issued by regulatory or law enforcement agencies, transaction and surveillance monitoring system output or any combination of these methods.  Employee Identification:  During the course of daily operations, employees may observe unusual or potentially suspicious transaction activity.  [Insert Financial Institution Here] ensures bank staff receive BSA training annually, at a minimum, to ensure staff are knowledgeable of possible red flags] for suspicious activity.  [Describe escalation process Please refer to Appendix F of the FFIEC BSA/AML Examination Manual for examples of money laundering and terrorist financing “red flags”.Law Enforcement Inquiries and Requests:  We must maintain processes for identifying subjects of law enforcement requires, monitoring the transaction activity of those subjects when appropriate, identifying unusual or potentially suspicious activity related to those subjects and filing, as appropriate, SARs related to those subject.  Law enforcement inquiries and requests can include grand jury subpoenas, National Security Letters and section 314(a) requests.Mere receipt of any law enforcement inquiry does not, by itself, require the filing of a SAR by the bank. However, a law enforcement inquiry may be relevant to our customer and account risk assessments.  We should assess all the information we know about our customer, including the receipt of a law enforcement inquiry, in accordance with our BSA/AML compliance program.  We should determine whether a SAR should be filed based on all customer information available.  Managing AlertsAlert management focuses on processes used to investigate and evaluate identified unusual activity.  We must be aware of all methods of identification and should ensure our suspicious activity monitoring program includes processes to evaluate any unusual activity identified, regardless of the method of identification.  SAR Decision-Making ProcessAfter thorough research and analysis has been completed, findings are forwarded to [decision maker].  We have outlined the following escalation process from the point of initial detection to dispo}}
  
  """
  
  # Set parameters
  
  PARAMETER stop "<|start_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|end_header_id|>"
  PARAMETER stop "<|eot_id|>"
  PARAMETER num_predict 5000
  PARAMETER num_ctx 20000